Upgrading additional packages (#4638)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 9.9.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Dev - Upgrades the cross-env, and rimraf NPM packages. Removes chromedriver

Reviewer: Nit: we don't need a comma for only two items in the list.
```suggestion
* Dev - Upgrade the cross-env and rimraf NPM packages; remove chromedriver NPM dependency
```
